Update install instructions for Debian-based distros when dependencies are unable to be installed (#353)
bitcoin-core/gui-qml: src/qml/README.md

```
sudo apt install qml-module-qtquick2 qml-module-qtquick-controls qml-module-qtquick-controls2 qml-module-qtquick-layouts qml-module-qtquick-window2 qml-module-qt-labs-settings
```
##### Important:

> If you're unable to install the dependencies through your system's package manager, you can instead perform a [depends build](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/gui-qml/blob/main/depends/README.md).

Reviewer: No need to bind us to GitHub:

```suggestion
If you're unable to install the dependencies through your system's package manager, you can instead perform a [../../depends/README.md).
```

Author: Missed that, thanks!

> In cases where the necessary dependencies cannot be installed directly on your system, you can resort to performing a `depends build`, ensuring compatibility across different distributions. Detailed instructions can be found in the [dependencies guide](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/gui-qml/blob/main/depends/README.md).

Reviewer 2: What about something like this. Cuts to the point.
```suggestion
If you're unable to install the dependencies through your system's package manager, you can instead perform a [depends build](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/gui-qml/blob/main/depends/README.md).
```

Author: Done, thanks.

```
sudo apt install qml-module-qtquick2 qml-module-qtquick-controls qml-module-qtquick-controls2 qml-module-qtquick-layouts qml-module-qtquick-window2 qml-module-qt-labs-settings
```
##### Important:

> Earlier versions of Ubuntu 21.04 require to build the [dependencies](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/gui-qml/blob/main/depends/README.md).

Reviewer 2: We'll figure out the matrix of support later, but for now maybe just a note that gets across the following idea (written in a nicer way) 

```
If you're unable to install these dependencies on your system, perform a depends build
```

Author: Updated it.
